Alright, hello everyone
Thank you for watching. This is our group
Project, and we are here to showcase
our Boston Biking
Visualization tool. So
we'll just jump right into it and showcase
how we are
how you can use this tool
So once you scroll down from our abstract
and data overview section, you can see our Boston map
on the left, which highlights
accidents which have occurred
in Boston, and also the BlueBike stations
which are located in Boston, and
there are two modes which you can toggle between
one is a zoom functionality where you can
zoom in and out
of the map and you can also
drag as well to
just kind of explore what's happening
you can also hover over
the blue
marks which indicate the stations
and you can see the in and out flow of each station
and then the
other
aspect of the toggle button is brushing and linking
so you can see the different cursor we have here
and
you can just highlight over
various stations
and it will show you
the proportion of
accidents which have occurred on the
street, and then the portion of accidents
that have occurred on an intersection
and then it also shows the frequency count as well
as you can see if more areas
of Boston have more
accidents then others
and yea that's our tool in full
so thank you for watching